Updated error-handling sections (#316)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: getting-started/troubleshooting/error-handling.rst

   Warning that permalink was incorrect, allows user to retry upload DIP

.. _failure-errors:

Errors that fail transfers
-----------------------------

There are a number of microservice errors that will halt the workflow and cause
Archivematica to report a 'Failed transfer'. It is important to note that not
all microservice errors will lead to a failed transfer. Below is a list of
common errors that will result in the 'Failed transfer' microservice to run and
the transfer to be moved to the failed directory.

> #. Approve Transfer (zipped and unzipped bags): When running a zipped or

Reviewer: This is a very minor thing, but an unordered list might be better than an ordered list here? I totally leave this up to you though.

Author: valid point. It saves future edits from making sure they remain in order.

   microservice, the transfer will fail and be moved to the failed directory.
   This will happen when the bag does not conform to the `BagIt`_ specification
   or when one of the components is incorrect.

#. Verify transfer compliance: if a job fails within this microservice, the
   transfer will also fail and will be moved to the fail directory.

#. Verify transfer checksums: if the checksums in the metadata
   directory cannot be verified (i.e. if a file is missing or corrupted) this
   microservice will fail and the transfer will be moved to the failed
   directory.

#. Scan for viruses: if a virus is found in the transfer then the microservice
   will fail and the transfer will be moved to the failed directory.

#. Generate METS.xml document: if this microservice fails to generate a portion
   of the METS file when run in either the Transfer Tab or the Ingest Tab, it
   will fail the transfer or SIP. Either the transfer or SIP will be moved to
   the failed directory. The error logs will give details about the issue so
   you can investigate further.

.. _common-errors:

Other common error behaviours
-----------------------------

> Below is a list of common errors that, like normalization, will produce an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of common errors that will produce an
```
It could be confusing to refer to normalization here, if someone hasn't read the normalization section above.

Author: good point!

   Click on the red Remove icon to remove a transfer or SIP from the dashboard,
   then click Confirm.

> It is recommended that you clear your dashboard of transfers and SIPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you :ref:`clean up the Transfer tab <cleanup>` and :ref:`the Ingest tab <cleanup-ingest>`
```

periodically to improve browser performance.

.. _error-browser:

Browser compatability
---------------------

Archivematica has been tested most extensively with Firefox and Chrome. There
are known issues with Internet Explorer 11 which result in an inability to start

> transfers in the dashboard (`Issue 7246`_).  Minimal, but successful, testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transfers in the dashboard (`Issue 7246`_). Minimal, but successful, testing
```
Ooooh I thought I'd caught all the period+doublespace occurrences in the docs but every once in a while I find one!
